docs: document systemcrypto experiment removal (#2337)
microsoft/go: eng/doc/MicrosoftToolsetIdentification.md

Otherwise, look for one of these clues:

* `microsoft_systemcrypto=1`
* `GOEXPERIMENT=systemcrypto` in binaries built with Go 1.26 or earlier

`systemcrypto` is unique to the Microsoft build of Go, so if either of these strings is present, it confirms that the binary is built by the Microsoft build of Go.

> If `GOEXPERIMENT=nosystemcrypto` is present in a binary built with Go 1.26 or earlier (note the `no` prefix), it also confirms that the binary was built with the Microsoft build of Go, but it shows that `systemcrypto` was explicitly disabled.

Reviewer: Unnecessary specificity (does the reader really need to consider `GOEXPERIMENT=nosystemcrypto` appearing in a Go 1.27+ binary?) makes it hard to piece together the logic when reading:

```suggestion
If `GOEXPERIMENT=nosystemcrypto` is present (note the `no` prefix), it also confirms that the binary was built with the Microsoft build of Go, but it shows that `systemcrypto` was explicitly disabled.
```

 If someone's suprised it's not present, the following sentence clears it up nicely.

> In Go 1.27 and later, `systemcrypto` and `nosystemcrypto` are no longer `GOEXPERIMENT` values, so these strings are not expected.

Reviewer: The last time "these strings" was mentioned, it included `microsoft_systemcrypto=1`, so this is misleading. Also, this doesn't seem to have much to do with the last sentence directly, and just clarifies that it's ok when something appears to maybe be missing, so a note:

```suggestion

> [!NOTE]
> In Go 1.27 and later, `systemcrypto` and `nosystemcrypto` are no longer `GOEXPERIMENT` values, so it is expected that `microsoft_systemcrypto=1` will appear without a `GOEXPERIMENT` string.
```
